@node cic-eth-appendix-system-maintenance
@appendix Admin API

The admin API is still in an early stage of refinement. User friendliness can be considerably improved.

All of the API calls are celery task proxies, and return @code{Celery.AsyncResult} unless otherwise noted.

In contrast to the client API module, this API does not currently implement a pluggable callback.

@appendixsection registry

Returns the @code{ContractRegistry} this instance of @code{cic-eth-tasker} is running on.

@appendixsection proxy-do

Execute an arbitary JSON-RPC request using the @code{cic-eth-tasker} blockchain node RPC connection.

@appendixsection default_token

Returns the default token symbol and address.

@appendixsection lock

Set lock bits, globally or per address

@appendixsection unlock

Opposite of lock

@appendixsection get_lock

Get the current state of a lock

@appendixsection tag_account

Associate an identifier with an account address (@xref{cic-eth system accounts})

@appendixsection have_account

Check whether a private key exists in the keystore able to sign on behalf of the given account (it actually performs a signature).

@appendixsection resend

Clone or resend a transaction

@appendixsection check_nonce

Returns diagnostics for nonce sequences per account, e.g. detect nonce gaps that block execution of further transactions.

@appendixsection fix_nonce

Re-orders all nonces by shifting all transaction nonces after the given transaction down by one. This has the additional effect of obsoleting the given transaction. Can be used to close gaps in the nonce sequencing. Use with care!

@appendixsection account

Return brief transaction info lists per account

@appendixsection tx

Return a complex transaction metadata object for a single transaction. The object assembles state from both the blockchain node and the custodial queue system.
