@section Configuration

Configuration parameters are grouped by configuration filename.


@subsection cic

@table @var
@item registry_address
Ethereum address of the @var{ContractRegistry} contract
@item chain_spec
String representation of the connected blockchain according to the @var{chainlib} @var{ChainSpec} format.
@item tx_retry_delay
Minimum time in seconds to wait before retrying a transaction
@item trust_address
Comma-separated list of one or more ethereum addresses regarded as trusted for describing other resources, Used by @var{cic-eth-registry} in the context of the @var{AddressDeclarator}.
@item defalt_token_symbol
Fallback token to operate on when no other context is given.
@item health_modules
Comma-separated list of methods to execute liveness tests against. (see ...)
@item run_dir
Directory to use for session-scoped variables for @var{cic-eth} daemon parent processes.
@end table


@subsection celery

@table @var
@item broker_url
Message broker URL
@item result_url
Result backend URL
@item debug
Boolean value. If set, the amount of available context for a task in the result backend will be maximized@footnote{This is a @emph{required} setting for the task graph documenter to enabled it to display task names in the graph}.
@end table


@subsection database

@table @var
@item host
Database host
@item port
Database port
@item name
Database name
@item user
Database user
@item password
Database password
@item engine
The engine part of the dsn connection string (@code{postgresql} in @code{postgresql+psycopg2})
@item driver
The driver part of the dsn connection string (@code{psycopg2} in @code{postgresql+psycopg2})
@item pool_size
Connection pool size for database drivers that provide connection pooling
@item debug
Output actual sql queries to logs. Potentially very verbose
@end table


@subsection eth

@table @var
@item provider
Address of default RPC endpoint for transactions and state queries.
@item gas_gifter_minimum_balance
The minimum gas balance that must be held by the @code{GAS GIFTER} token before the queue processing shuts down@footnote{You should really make sure that this threshold is never hit}
@end table


@subsection redis

Defines connection to the redis server used outside of the context of @var{celery}. This is usually the same server, but should be a different db.

@table @var
@item host
Redis hostname
@item port
Redis port
@item db
Redis db
@end table


@subsection signer

Parameters 

@table @var
@item socket_path
The connection string for the signer JSON-RPC service.@footnote{The @var{crypto-dev-signer} supports UNIX socket or a HTTP(S) connections}
@item secret
If set, this password is used to add obfuscation on top of the encryption already applied by the signer for the keystore.
@end table



@subsection ssl

Certificate information for https api callbacks.

@table @var
@item enable_client
Boolean value. If set, client certificate will be used to authenticate the callback request.
@item cert_file
Client certificate file in PEM or DER format
@item key_file
Client key file in PEM or DER format
@item password
Password for unlocking the client key
@item ca_file
Certificate authority bundle, to verify the certificate sent by the callback server.
@end table


@subsection syncer

@table @var
@item loop_interval
Seconds to pause before each execution of the @var{chainsyncer} poll loop.
@end table


